Tournament name 2015: This line is ignored, only settings.pxml matters

Packet by Foo

Questions by Foo and Bar

\


Tossups

\


1\. **One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself
transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back,
and if he lifted his head a little he could see his** (\*) brown belly, slightly
domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to
cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin
compared with the size of the rest of him, for 10 points, waved about helplessly
as he looked.

ANSWER: _The **Metamorphosis**_ \[or _Die **Verwandlung**_\]

\


2\. **“What’s happened to me?” he thought. It wasn’t a dream. His room, a proper
human room although a little too small, lay peacefully between its four familiar
walls. A collection of textile samples lay spread out on the** (\*) table –
Samsa was a travelling salesman – and above it there hung a picture that he had
recently cut out of an illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.
For 10 points, it showed a lady fitted out with a fur hat and fur boa who sat
upright, raising a heavy fur muff that covered the whole of her lower arm
towards the viewer.

ANSWER: Franz **Kafka**

\


Bonuses

\


1\. Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather. Drops of rain
could be heard hitting the pane, which made him feel quite sad. For 10 points each:

[10] “How about if I sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense,” he
thought, but that was something he was unable to do because he was used to doing
this, and in his present state couldn’t get into that position.

ANSWER: **sleep**ing on his **right**

[10] However hard he threw himself onto his right, he always did this.

ANSWER: **rolled back** to where he was

[10] He must have tried it this many times, shut his eyes so that he wouldn’t
have to look at the floundering legs, and only stopped when he began to feel a
mild, dull pain there that he had never felt before.

ANSWER: a **hundred**
